VSO: update docs for VaultAuthGlobals (#27797)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/vso/sources/vault/auth/index.mdx

- Default VaultAuthGlobal resources are denoted by the name `default` and are automatically referenced by all VaultAuth resources
  when `spec.vaultAuthGlobalRef.allowDefault` is set to `true` and VSO is running with the `allow-default-globals`
  option set in the `-global-vault-auth-options` flag (the default).
- When a `spec.vaultAuthGlobalRef.namespace` is set, the search for the default VaultAuthGlobal resource is
  constrained to that namespace. Otherwise, the search order is:
  1. The default VaultAuthGlobal resource in the referring VaultAuth resource's namespace.
  2. The default VaultAuthGlobal resource in the Operator's namespace.

## Sample use cases and configurations

The following sections provide some sample use cases and configurations for the VaultAuthGlobal resource. These
examples demonstrate how to use the VaultAuthGlobal resource to share a common authentication configuration across a
set of VaultAuth resources. Like other namespaced VSO custom resource definitions, there can be many VaultAuthGlobal
resources configured in a single Kubernetes cluster.

> ### Multi-tenant application with shared authentication backend

Reviewer: Dumb question, but what does "multi-tenant" mean in these scenarios?

Author: It was meant to convey that each application had it own Vault resources. I have replaced it with "Multiple applications" to avoid any confusion. Updated in 6fedc2452d3436ea46e1351316dede50cff6591f

Author: Updated in 6fedc2452d3436ea46e1351316dede50cff6591f

    name: app1-secret
  hmacSecretData: true
  mount: apps
  path: app1
  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: app1
```

Application 2 would have a similar configuration:
```yaml
---
apiVersion: secrets.hashicorp.com/v1beta1
kind: VaultAuth
metadata:
  name: app2
  namespace: apps
spec:
  kubernetes:
    role: app2
    serviceAccount: app2
  vaultAuthGlobalRef:
    allowDefault: true
    namespace: admin
---
apiVersion: secrets.hashicorp.com/v1beta1
kind: VaultStaticSecret
metadata:
  name: app2-secret
  namespace: apps
spec:
  destination:
    create: true
    name: app2-secret
  hmacSecretData: true
  mount: apps
  path: app2
  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: app2
```

#### Explanation

- The default VaultAuthGlobal resource is created in the `admin` namespace. This resource defines the
  common configuration for all VaultAuth resources that reference it. The `allowedNamespaces` field restricts the
  VaultAuth resources that can reference this VaultAuthGlobal resource. In this case, only resources in the `apps`
  namespace can reference this VaultAuthGlobal resource.
- The VaultAuth resources in the `apps` namespace reference the VaultAuthGlobal resource. This allows the VaultAuth

>   resources to inherit the configuration from the VaultAuthGlobal resource. The `role` and serviceAccount fields are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  resources to inherit the configuration from the VaultAuthGlobal resource. The `role` and `serviceAccount` fields are
```

  specific to the application and are not inherited from the VaultAuthGlobal resource. Since the

>   `.spec.vaultAuthGlobalRef.allowDefault` is set to `true`, the VaultAuth resources will automatically reference the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `.spec.vaultAuthGlobalRef.allowDefault` field is set to `true`, the VaultAuth resources will automatically reference the
```

  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: apps
---
apiVersion: secrets.hashicorp.com/v1beta1
kind: VaultStaticSecret
metadata:
  name: app2-secret
  namespace: apps
spec:
  destination:
    create: true
    name: app2-secret
  hmacSecretData: true
  mount: apps
  path: app2
  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: apps
```

#### Explanation

- The default VaultAuthGlobal resource is created in the `apps` namespace. It provides all the necessary configuration
  for the VaultAuth resources that reference it.
- A single VaultAuth resource is created in the `apps` namespace. This resource references the VaultAuthGlobal resource
  and inherits the configuration from it.
- The VaultStaticSecret resources in the `apps` namespace reference the VaultAuth resource. This allows the VaultStaticSecret
  resources to authenticate to Vault in order to sync the KV secrets to the destination Kubernetes Secret.

### Multi-tenant application with multiple authentication backends and roles

A Vault admin has configured a Kubernetes auth backend in Vault mounted at `kubernetes`. In addition, the Vault
admin has configured a JWT auth backend mounted at `jwt`. The admin creates the necessary roles in Vault for each

> auth method. The admin expects to have two applications authenticate using each auth method and role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth method. The admin expects to have two applications authenticate, one using `kubernetes` auth and the other using `jwt` auth.
```

  destination:
    create: true
    name: app1-secret
  hmacSecretData: true
  mount: apps
  path: app1
  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: apps-default
```

Application 2 would have a similar configuration, except it will be using the JWT auth method:
```yaml
---
apiVersion: secrets.hashicorp.com/v1beta1
kind: VaultAuth
metadata:
  name: apps-jwt
  namespace: apps
spec:
  method: jwt
  vaultAuthGlobalRef:
    allowDefault: true
---
apiVersion: secrets.hashicorp.com/v1beta1
kind: VaultStaticSecret
metadata:
  name: app2-secret
  namespace: apps
spec:
  destination:
    create: true
    name: app2-secret
  hmacSecretData: true
  mount: apps
  path: app2
  type: kv-v2
  vaultAuthRef: apps-jwt
```

#### Explanation

- The default VaultAuthGlobal resource is created in the `apps` namespace. It provides all the necessary configuration
  for the VaultAuth resources that reference it. The `defaultAuthMethod` field defines the default auth method to use
  when authenticating to Vault. The `kubernetes` and `jwt` fields define the configuration for the respective auth
  method.
- Application 1 uses the default kubernetes auth method defined in the VaultAuthGlobal resource. The VaultAuth resource

>   references the VaultAuthGlobal resource and inherits the configuration from it.

Reviewer: Maybe say which configuration is being inherited?

```suggestion
  references the VaultAuthGlobal resource and inherits the kubernetes auth configuration from it.
```

- Application 2 uses the JWT auth method defined in the VaultAuthGlobal resource. The VaultAuth resource references the

>   VaultAuthGlobal resource and inherits the configuration from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  VaultAuthGlobal resource and inherits the JWT auth configuration from it.
```

  fields are defined in the VaultAuthGlobal resource and are inherited by the VaultAuth resources.

## VaultAuthGlobal common errors and troubleshooting

There are few sources for tracking down issues with VaultAuthGlobal resources:
- Vault Secrets Operator logs
- Kubernetes events
- Resource status

Below are examples of errors from each source and how to resolve them:

  Sample output sync failures from the Vault Secrets Operator logs:
  ```json
  {
    "level": "error",
    "ts": "2024-07-16T17:35:20Z",
    "logger": "cachingClientFactory",
    "msg": "Failed to get cacheKey from obj",
    "controller": "vaultstaticsecret",
    "controllerGroup": "secrets.hashicorp.com",
    "controllerKind": "VaultStaticSecret",
    "VaultStaticSecret": {
      "name": "app1",
      "namespace": "apps"
    },
    "namespace": "apps",
    "name": "app1",
    "reconcileID": "5201f597-6c5d-4d07-ae8f-30a39c80dc54",
    "error": "failed getting admin/default, err=VaultAuthGlobal.secrets.hashicorp.com \"default\" not found"
  }
  ```

  Check for related Kubernetes events:

  ```shell
  $ kubectl events --types=Warning -n admin --for vaultauths.secrets.hashicorp.com/default -o json
  ```

>   Sample out from the Kubernetes event for the VaultAuth resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sample output from the Kubernetes event for the VaultAuth resource:
```

    "lastTimestamp": "2024-07-16T17:15:53Z",
    "count": 25,
    "type": "Warning",
    "eventTime": null,
    "reportingComponent": "VaultAuth",
    "reportingInstance": ""
  }
  ```

Check the conditions on the VaultAuth resource:

  ```shell
  $ kubectl get vaultauths.secrets.hashicorp.com -n admin default -o jsonpath='{.status}'
  ```

Sample output of the VaultAuth's status (prettified). The `valid` field will be `false` for the condition reason
`VaultAuthGlobalRef`:
  ```json
  {
    "conditions": [
      {
        "lastTransitionTime": "2024-07-16T15:35:43Z",
        "message": "failed getting admin/default, err=VaultAuthGlobal.secrets.hashicorp.com \"default\" not found",
        "observedGeneration": 3,
        "reason": "VaultAuthGlobalRef",
        "status": "False",
        "type": "Available"
      }
    ],
    "specHash": "e264f241cb4ad776802924b6ad2aa272b11cffd570382605d1c2ddbdfd661ad3",
    "valid": false
  }
  ```
- Situation: The VaultAuthGlobal resource is not found or is invalid for some reason, denoted by error messages like
`not found...`.

  Resolution: Ensure that the VaultAuthGlobal resource exists in the referring VaultAuth's namespace or a default

> VaultAuthGlobal resource exists per [VaultAuthGlobal configuration inheritance](#vaultauthglobal-configuration-inheritance)

Reviewer: These should probably be bolded too to be consistent with the middle bullet.

Author: Fixed in ab16c425cadae87ca95339917f8b63ad6f849f5a

>   Resolution: Ensure that the VaultAuthGlobal resource exists in the namespace specified in the VaultAuth
> resource's or a default VaultAuthGlobal resource exists per
> [VaultAuthGlobal configuration inheritance](#vaultauthglobal-configuration-inheritance)

Reviewer: I'm not sure what `VaultAuth resource's` is referring to, but maybe something like this?

```suggestion
  Resolution: Ensure that the VaultAuthGlobal resource exists in the referring VaultAuth's namespace or a default
VaultAuthGlobal resource exists per [VaultAuthGlobal configuration inheritance](#vaultauthglobal-configuration-inheritance)
```

> - Situation: The VaultAuthGlobal is not allowed to be referenced by the VaultAuth resource, denoted by error
> messages like `target namespace "apps" is not allowed...`.
> 
>   Resolution: Ensure that the VaultAuthGlobal resource's `spec.allowedNamespaces` field includes the namespace of the
>   VaultAuth resource.

Reviewer: I wonder if bolding the Situation/Resolution would be useful:

```suggestion
- **Situation**: The VaultAuthGlobal is not allowed to be referenced by the VaultAuth resource, denoted by error
messages like `target namespace "apps" is not allowed...`.

  **Resolution**: Ensure that the VaultAuthGlobal resource's `spec.allowedNamespaces` field includes the namespace of the
  VaultAuth resource.
```

- Situation: The VaultAuth resource is not valid due to missing required fields, denoted by error messages like
`invalid merge: empty role`.

  Resolution: Ensure all required fields are set either on the VaultAuth resource or on the inherited

>   VaultAuthGlobal.

Reviewer: Same here, bold to match the middle bullet.

Author: Fixed in ab16c425cadae87ca95339917f8b63ad6f849f5a

  VaultAuthGlobal.

> A successfully merged VaultAuth resource will have the `valid` field set to `true` and the `conditions` will look
> something like:

Reviewer: To keep it indented under the last bullet:

```suggestion
  A successfully merged VaultAuth resource will have the `valid` field set to `true` and the `conditions` will look
  something like:

```

  ```json
  {
    "conditions": [
      {
        "lastTransitionTime": "2024-07-17T13:46:43Z",
        "message": "VaultAuthGlobal successfully merged, key=admin/default, uid=6aeb3559-8f42-48bf-b16a-2305bc9a9bed, generation=7",
        "observedGeneration": 1,
        "reason": "VaultAuthGlobalRef",
        "status": "True",
        "type": "Available"
      }
    ],
    "specHash": "5cbe5544d0557926e00002514871b95c49903a9d4496ef9b794c84f1e54db1a0",
    "valid": true
  }
  ```

<Tip>

>   The value for the key in the message field is the key to the VaultAuthGlobal object that was successfully merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The value for the key in the message field is the namespace/name of the VaultAuthGlobal object that was successfully merged.
```
